# Universe XYZ DAO Project Call Notes‚Äì #032

### Meeting Date/Time: Wednesday 2022/5/18 at 20:00 UTC

### Meeting Duration: 13 mins

### [Github Agenda Page](https://github.com/UniverseXYZ/xyzDAO-PM/issues/54)

### [Audio/Video of the meeting](https://youtu.be/eQLeds84sfA)

### Breakdown:

Moderator: Mark Ward

Scribe: Tammy M.

Attendees: Mark Ward, Tyler Ward, Ryan Shtirmer, Ilia Andreev

## Intro

**Mark:** Hey everyone, welcome to project call number 32. We're diving back into the project calls. 

I am going to let Tyler kick this call off. 

We have some unfortunate news and I'll let Tyler explain what's going on and set expectations for moving forward and what our plan is.

**Tyler:** We had some posts in the forum about the general lack of updates or more questions about more transparency. We also had some people reach out to team members with feedback. 

I don't know how to make this announcement. Whatever role I'm in, the industry doesn't come with this formal training. Unfortunately, one of our team members in charge of many organizational set up the back end, and DevOps passed away last week. I don't want to say who it was. Maybe people can figure out from the people not being on the calls, but I want to respect his privacy. I don't want to give too many details other than to say that it progressed. I would say that we weren't quite getting some of the information that we needed on our end. I'll say that it happened quickly, over 30 day period.

Nobody on these calls are professionals in that type of industry. I don't think any of us knew how to help or if we could have in hindsight. Many of us around Universe are friends as much as we're all co-workers. Many people came up through the community. I've never dealt with this before. Professionally, I don't think anybody on the team has. Iliya, George and LimeChain can talk about this even though he wasn't on their team. He was an American here in Puerto Rico with us. But there were ways that the system was set up that he was in control of that we recognized, and even he thought that we needed to change over. It's been a nightmare and a setback. I feel more we've been sorting through it personally as well. 

It's weird when someone's your friend, but you've also got to get the business side done. This happened within the past week, but its effects probably started getting felt in late February, when everything was released. This situation brought it to ahead for me, and the lack of communication. I'm not blaming everythingon that, but we would get on calls and be delayed. Things didn't get updated, and we've been working through it for a while now. It sucks that it came to a head the way it did, but I don't know what else to say. 

**Mark:** Ilia. Do you want to kind of dive in? 

One of the things that arose from this and Tyler was saying some of them was, this person had access to a lot of security stuff, and we were migrating permissions of that around to create more of a decentralized approach. So one or two people had access to that. As we were migrating this last week, when this tragedy happened. Ilia can explain this more in-depth as we have to unlock and recover some of these things and move forward with the development process. So we are blocked on a few things. We have stuff ready to go. We're at this point where this migration is stocked because we don't have access to everything that we need right at the moment.

**Tyler:** Not everyone who listens to this call necessarily has a personal relationship with this person. It probably affects all of us more than some of the people listening. We located the problem before, and the way everything happened was unexpected. You can plan for that, but as fast as we were moving to push everything out, some things were probably overlooked and identified two weeks ago. It was supposed to be a temporary thing, and I don't think anybody planned for this to happen. The other thing I would say is we've all processed it personally and dealt with the personal aspects and with this person's family and talking to them and helping them through it. We know what we need to put in place so  this can't happen again.

I would be lying if I said that it wasn't a setback leading into this. It wasn't an unforeseen setback when it happened, and the entire situation sucks. They were on our end if things felt slow. So we had frustrations around things not being able to get updated properly. It's unfortunate the circumstances that happened, but I don't disagree. When I read what people are saying, the updates need to be clearer or that the development feels slower than it should have been, it's not the developer's fault. We built much stuff, but it set us back in ways that were not planned.

**Mark:** We've recovered many things, and we're getting to where we need to be. So there is light at the end of the tunnel. It's not like we are extremely worried; it's just something that will take time to unlock fully.

**Tyler:** I agree with Mark, and maybe Ilia wants to comment on this. Otherwise, we can move off this because it's a weird subject for all of us. After all, we were friends with this person. I feel weird about the Privacy side of things and talking about business in this context. It makes me feel like a sociopath even though I've done the personal grieving on my end. Troy and I were very close to this person. I think that Lime Chain worked with him, but there's maybe less of a deep relationship there. Maybe just talking through some of the updates we talked about before this call. 

## Development Updates üß∞ [[10:55]](https://youtu.be/eQLeds84sfA?t=655)

**Ilia:** As Mark and Tyler said, we identified a potential issue quite some time back and wanted to make it as decentralized as possible. We put a contingency in place and started executing it. God Rest his Soul; he was a fun guy to work with or girl. We were in touch daily, and we're trying to unlock stuff. We are working towards unblocking everything, and the issue is that it takes some time. Whatever I say can be meaningless until I have more meaningful info from the services which we are in contact with. We already have access to most of them, but we're still blocked. So we'll keep you updated on that. 

**Tyler:** There's legal stuff. Universe is a DAO, so showing company ownership of Universe.XYZ to AWS. It's not impossible, and it's going to get sorted out. There's random stuff with being new cutting edge Web3 as an industry that doesn't fit the protocols of some of the handover of these things. Ilia is correct; we recognized the high level over three weeks ago that the single point of failure was an issue. The unthinkable happened during the conversion process; it was a freak accident. 

**Mark:** That whole reliance thing is not because we didn't trust this person. We realized that we needed to set this up if something happened.

**Tyler:** For anyone. I could get in a plane crash, and what does that mean for domains that I own? This stuff matters. These are conversations you have to have, as uncomfortable as they are. 

**Mark:** Ilia, do you and Ryan want to go ahead and jump into marketplace updates? 

## Marketplace Updates üñº [[14:34]](https://youtu.be/eQLeds84sfA?t=874)

**Mark:** We have many updates around the marketplace. We stopped doing our weekly updates because we were right on the edge of releasing stuff. We were coming in on that database migration, trying to wrap that up, and tragedy struck. So we went silent on the community. Ryan and Ilia will update you on what we've been working on over the last two to three weeks.

**Ilia:** So in terms of more product updates. The last two weeks or the previous two sprints. We are at the end of the testing phase for the following year's introduction. What that will do is make the app more stable. That's not the end goal here for this feature; you have the metadata there when you share with your friends on Twitter or Discord. It's great for SEO. That's part of the marketing. We need other people to use it and hear about what we are doing. So that's great to hear. We've been busy with filtering. We've added support for preserving selected filters to the URL for collections. So when you hit some of your filters and want to share with somebody or a colleague, you can copy the URL and send it, which will preserve the filter. That's a useful feature that we've also done. Also, the marketplace browse page is now the new home page in terms of better usability. We've done revamping there also. I think Ryan mentioned it on a previous call, but we did improve the grid to the marketplace browse page, so it's better responsive on more screens, and it's better looking.

Also, we've added a collection preview pop-up. I'm not sure whether we talked about it, but that's another thing which is suitable for transparency of what collection are you buying from? There's more of a tech update; we've been researching and introduced an automated testing framework. You won't feel it in using our platform and products, the goal here is to have a more stable product when you're developing, and it's good to have some testing done automatically. Rather than clicking and testing everything for a few hours or days, you can automatically have it done by the framework after tests are called. Mark already said about the migration database, which is part of the scalability and performance improvements we are working on. Unfortunately, the event we discussed before had a bit of a setback, but we're still working on it and will keep you updated. The stuff I've just mentioned is ready to go, and they're just booked, and we are unblocking them as we speak.

Whenever we resolve the legal situation, which Power outlined, this stuff is ready to go. We'll need to do some last testing with the infrastructure and have them live. We've also done some small fixes.

**Tyler:** Just so nobody from the community runs rampant with speculation. When I say legal situation, there's not a lawsuit here. There's nothing legally going on that's going to drag this out. It's legally proving that a DAO is supposed to be in charge of Universe.XYZ, stuff like that. I don't want someone to think that there's some pending lawsuit. I know that we're not being 100% clear about what happened. It ended in a freak accident, and that's what everyone needs to know. I just wanted to clarify what I meant by that.

No offence to you, Ilia, when you repeated what I said again. I don't want the community to run rampant with assumptions due to the lack of information we're giving, which I think is good for this person's sake.

**Ilia:** That's okay. Most of the stuff we've been doing in terms of the sprints. I think somebody from the community mentioned if we are still working on sprints, yes, we are. I'll share updates on what we made in the last sprint and what we plan to do in the next sprint. That will be every two weeks because that's the sprint duration. I'm not sure whether it will be in the announcement channel or if we will do a separate channel. But we'll figure it out, and you'll be the first to know in this course that's on a higher level in the marketplace. Ryan can update you if I miss something else.

**Ryan:** I was saying we should jump into the Polymorph because that covers everything for the marketplace, aside from back end stabilization, that all hands are on deck to a large degree and continued support is being worked on for 1155s. 

## Polymorphs ü§° [[21:25]](https://youtu.be/eQLeds84sfA?t=1285)

**Ilia:** Usually Zach is here to give more updates, but he's travelling today. I'll try my best to fill in the gap here. As you may know, Polymorphs are doing the burn to mint functionality for the V2 Polymorphs, and we are on track to hit the testing phase next week. We should be starting to test it by the end of next week. I only see Stan here, but we have other team members working and are patient about the project. I know that Zach is preparing some other goodies, which we should be starting to build. But no leaks from me. That's in terms of Polymorphs on a high level. Ryan, you can fill in because you are working as well there.

**Ryan:** The tech is coming together there for the burnt to mint, including the front end, is coming together. We have many back-ends spun up for the test environment, including subgraphs and the integration with the subgraphs. So it's moving. It's moving quickly. There's a good core team focused on it dedicated to the Polymorphs and isn't working on the marketplace. So this way, developers are able to focus solely on the marketplace, and a handful of developers able exclusively to focus on the Polymorphs, and everything is within some developer's ownership and focus, with less context switching. I think it makes more sense to be that way.

**Ilia:** Yeah, I agree.

**Mark:** Ilia, do you want to introduce our new team member? Are they still sitting with you? They don't have to dodge themselves on the screen.

**Ilia:** I have Bianca with me. She will be the PM on the Polymorph side, so I have more time to focus on the marketplace, auctions and meetings. 

She's a DJ in the making. üéß

**Mark:** She'll probably get to talk a bunch on the calls if she's doing project management for the Polymorphs because she'll be in the loop on what's going on.

**Mark:** We had to duplicate Ilia.

**Ilia:** I already have a daughter, but she's like one. 

**Mark:** I think we can wrap this up. I don't think we have any other updates unless there's anything anyone wants to throw out there. Hit like, subscribe, share with your friends, tweet the video, and show your mom. We love you guys. Last week was hard on us, but we want to say that, if anything, this has been very inspiring to finish the work that we have started and has brought the group together and reflect. Tyler said there are silver linings to these things. Our morale has sped up, and once we get this stuff unblocked, everyone will see the pace and stuff that we're pushing out.

**Mark:** We know the bear market is getting tough, so we're paying attention, and we're still here working and building, so we want everyone to know that. 

All right. We will see you guys back in two weeks, and we'll have an AMA next week in the discord, so please join Wednesday afternoon, 03:00 p.m.. Eastern time. ‚úåÔ∏èüíô



<br>

### Project Links üîóüëá

* Website: [universe.xyz](https://universe.xyz)
* Project Info: [DOCS](https://docs.universe.xyz/)
* Twitter: [@universe_xyz](https://twitter.com/universe_xyz)
* Discord: [Invite](https://discord.gg/QnkfAG6X52)
* Youtube: [Channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCWt00md9T2b4iTsHWp_Fapw)

#### Universe NFTs
* PolyMorphs: [Universe](https://universe.xyz/collection/0x1cbb182322aee8ce9f4f1f98d7460173ee30af1f)
* Lobby Lobsters: [Universe](https://universe.xyz/collection/0xc0cb81c1f89ab0873653f67eea42652f13cd8416)
* STAND WITH UKRAINE: [OpenSea](https://opensea.io/collection/standwithukrainedrop)
* Core Drops: Coming Soon!
